what's up guys this is chase scared
again here teaching you some
boogie-woogie bass lines today today I'm
going to show you a boogie woogie bass
line that I learned from my friend
Fabrice you'll read in France it's kind
of a funky bass line I don't use it much
but I think it's really cool so I want
to show it to you guys so I'm gonna
serve it to you first and then I'll
explain it here's what's gonna look like
it's pretty funky I think it's neat like
I said I don't use it much but I think
it's really cool so want to show it to
you guys so what I'm doing is I'm
playing C twice with a pinky
up to E flat and B flat with my middle
finger and with them
back on the Steve
then 2f and a little thing at them
back down to see
to f-sharp and g-sharp with either
pointer finger thumb or middle finger
and thumb then to G with them so that's
gonna look like this again
and the most minute fingers my middle
finger and my pointer finger when I in
that F and a it's really whatever feels
most comfortable to you so I'm gonna
play it again for you see all three
fingers there it's whatever feels most
comfortable for you so if it feels more
comfortable to play it we can middle
finger play with like that pointer
finger play it like that I'm gonna play
it for you again and with that twelve
bars in there and then I'm going to try
to add a right hand I he'll I guess that
it don't play this much so we'll see
what happens here we go guys
okay okay so I didn't get it very right
with the right hand in there but you
understand the idea so obviously it
takes practice it's a tough baseline
keep out of guys keep working on it I'll
have more baselines to come soon and
remember have fun guys